Add Media Source documentation (#357)
livingdocsIO/livingdocs: reference/media-source-example.md

# Media Sources

Added in: `release-2021-03`

> With [Media Sources](/reference/media-source-example.md) you can integrate asset research/import into Livingdocs. Instead of going onto another provider like Unsplash and then drag + drop images into Livingdocs, you can have Unsplash assets search results embedded into Livingdocs directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With [Media Sources](/reference/media-source-example.md) you can integrate asset research/import into Livingdocs. Instead of having to log in to another platform like Unsplash and then drag + drop images into Livingdocs, you can have Unsplash assets search results available directly in Livingdocs.
```

    // {
    //   totalResults: 100,
    //   entries: [
    //     {id: 1, title: 'title-1', width: 1024, height: 768},
    //     {id: 2, title: 'title-2', width: 1024, height: 768},
    //     {id: 3, title: 'title-3', width: 1024, height: 768}
    //   ]
    // }
    const data = res.data

    const results = data.entries.map(result => {
      return {
        metadata: {
          title: result.title
        },
        asset: {
          key: result.id,
          width: result.width,
          height: result.height,
          // when the remote service supports image resizing, pass '{{width}}' as search parameter
          // the editor will replace {{width}} and the image can then requested in the right size
          previewUrl: `https://li-test.ch/${result.id}.png?w={{width}}`
        }
      }
    })

    return {
      total: data.totalResults,
      results
    }
  },

  // When you want to drag+drop an asset from a MediaSource search result into a document
  // you must also define a fetch function to import the asset into the Media Library
  async fetchMediaImage ({projectId, key, config, log}) {
    // fetch image from remote service

>     const buffer = await fs.readFile(`test/fixtures/${key}`)

Reviewer 2: Can we have an example using `axios` as that's the most common case?
Also put the transformation from the axios buffer/stream to node buffer in there.
